I'm here in Putney outside my dad's
house ready to give him a very special
Father's Day surprise I can't wait to
see his reaction
[Music]
I do what to do
[Applause]
[Music]
do you know what time it is it's six
o'clock in the morning it's the dam
Busters yeah no it's the down far so
that's very nice of neighbors so get
them to go away that's far too early and
why are you here anyway because it's
your father's day surprise it's not
Father's Day well I thought it's thought
the festivities a little bit early we
make a weekend of it I don't want all
this noise at this time of the morning
you sure you don't have any requests yes
that they go just shoot oh can you stand
further back from the balcony please
because some of these ladies on the
front I think can now see up your
dressing gown good night I mean good
morning
[Music]